Review the guide content (#7)
hazelcast-guides/hazelcast-embedded-microprofile: doc/modules/ROOT/pages/index.adoc

== What You’ll Learn

In this guide, you will learn how to use Hazelcast IMDG within Microprofile microservices.

> The Microprofile application contains three REST controllers which helps you to put, read and list the data. The application initializes a single Hazelcast IMDG member instance which is used to keep the data. When you run the application multiple times, Hazelcast IMDG instances build a cluster and share the data.

Reviewer: I think the correct wording would be `endpoints` here.
```suggestion
The Microprofile application contains three endpoints which helps you to put, read and list the data. The application initializes a single Hazelcast IMDG member instance which is used to keep the data. When you run the application multiple times, Hazelcast IMDG instances build a cluster and share the data.
```

Hazelcast instance. We started two application instances, and they formed a
Hazelcast cluster. Since the data was shared among Hazelcast cluster instances,
we could access it from both application instances.

== See Also

> - xref:caching-micronaut:ROOT:index.adoc[Hazelcast in Micronaut]

Reviewer: Let's keep only getting started guides here.
```suggestion
```
